Laur: Because we're& we're more interested in the ads here than the, password.
Roger: Well, I can't really copy the password. I put the notepad, I put it in my notepad document on the PC.
Laur: Whoa!
Roger: I can, so I'm typing it in from Notepad on my phone.
Roger: I can certainly bring up the, the Fable internal site, we'll have to stop the video, and I can grab it from there if you wish. We can stop the video for a second, and I'll go ahead and do that if you wish.
Laur: Ronda, I can also drop& I can also drop it in the chat, in the Zoom chat, if you can access it there from your phone.
Roger: Oh, this is not gonna be much different for me. I'm not on& I'm not on Zoom on the phone. I'm on Zoom on the PC, I'm doing a screen share with you right now. I can certainly type the password in again, if you wish. I can try it& I can try it again.
Laur: You know what, let's actually have you stop screen share then, and then do the copy and paste from the Engage page then instead.
Roger: Okay.
Roger: Hold on.
Roger: Double safari.
Roger: Double tap to open.
Roger: Okay, I'm going to, share the screen with you again.
Laur: Okay.
Roger: And we'll try this again.
Roger: Control center. Screen mirror& brightness. Screen mirroring. Screen&
Roger: Screen mirroring, Samsung Roger Cussin. Button, Z, Roger Cussin.
Roger: Samsung CU What they're& they're not doing their teams, pop that.
Roger: Yeah, not control.
Roger: Yahoo Mail, address, login, format options, to finish sign in, password, secure text field, insertion point at N. Misspelt word, edit. Toggle like, edit, paste.
Roger: Get number 89EFRQXGHGX hashtag Q. Pace.
Roger: It's fatal, enter pass. To finish sign. Password. Password. Show password. Invalid pass, format options, but, reload. Button. Yacht. Address. Login, cancel, cancel, but, cancel, but, is fatal, enter, to finish sign. Password. Password. Show password. Invalid password. Next. Button.
Roger: Show password button. Yeah, so you already see the password in there, correct? Password.
Roger: I kept&
Laur: see the password, it's& it's& for me, it's a& it's all.
Roger: Next, button. Invalid password. Show password. Button. Password. Text field. To finish sign. Password.
Laur: That looks right.
Roger: Number 8098 password, iPad, invalid next. Button.
Roger: 10%. Login.yahoo.com.
Roger: Miss Fable 1, is it really you?
Roger: To keep your account.
Laur: This one?
Roger: Verify your identity.
Laur: sorry, Roger, select a text message option for this one?
Roger: Learn more. Push notification. Approve on iPhone. Button. Push notification.
Roger: Approve on Galaxy button.
Laur: Push notification. I'm looking for push notifications, I get a lot of push notifications. Approve on pick the button.
Roger: Text message. There we go. Get a code on. 9 star star, 3 stars, star star 26. Message and data rates may apply. I'm 26, is that correct? That's the one you want?
Roger: Address.
Laur: Excellent!
Roger: Login.yahoo.com.
Roger: Waiting from&
Laur: Six-digit code, give it a second.
Roger: Verification code.
Roger: You will get a text on, 9-star, 6-digit code, 6-digit code.
Laur: Next. Button. Stay verified. Checkbox. Uncheck.